GRAVITY INTERACTIVE, INC.
PRIVACY POLICY
(Effective Date: October 1, 2012)

Gravity Interactive, Inc. ("Company", "we", "us" or "our") 
maintains this Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") that 
summarizes our policies and processes on how we collect, 
use disclose, transfer and store your personal information. 
The Privacy Policy applies only to the collection, use and 
storage of personal information that you may decide to 
provide to us in your use of: (1) our website(s) (our "Sites"), 
(2) our applications for mobile platforms or devices and our 
web applications accessible on social networking services 
("SNS") (collectively, our mobile and web applications are 
referred to herein as, the "Applications"), (3) our game 
publisher networks, crowd sourcing service and platforms 
(collectively, "Networks") provided in connection with 
Applications and third-party applications utilizing our 
Services ("Third Party Mobile Applications") and (4) chat 
rooms, blogs, web forums, messaging boards or other 
public forums in Applications and our Sites (collectively, our 
"Forums").  The Applications, Networks, Sites and Forums 
are referred to herein collectively, as the "Services".  


By accepting our Privacy Policy and the applicable Terms 
of Service during Service account registration or by 
otherwise accessing or using our Service(s) you are 
agreeing to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy 
(including our collection, storage, use and disclosure of your 
personal information) and that your access or use of the 
Service(s) is also subject to the applicable Terms of 
Service.   

Collecting Personal Information 
Our primary goal in collecting the information described 
below is to provide you, the user, with a customized 
experience on our Service and to deliver better service, 
products, and more relevant content to our customers, 
prospective customers, and visitors.   

1. Personal Information We Collect 

Personal information may be collected from you during your 
use of the Service, including, during (a) the registration 
process, (b) promotional campaigns, (c) customer support 
and technical service requests, and/or (d) ordering and use 
of products and other services, or from and through third 
party service providers and partners.  

Information Collected Directly From You

Registration Information.  When you communicate directly 
with us, either through an Application, at our Site, a Network 
or Forum, you are authorizing us to collect, store and 
use/share information collected from you in accordance with 
this Privacy Policy.  Such information may include: (i) your 
age or birthday; (ii) your first and last name; (iii) your valid 
e-mail address; (iv) password and other information 
necessary to ensure security of your account; and (v) such 
other information you choose to provide to us such as billing 
information, profile photo, photo representation (avatar), 
character name, interests and hobbies, game play 
preferences, and links to profiles on various SNS.  

From time to time we may expand or change the 
information requested upon registration or log-in, so this 
may not be a complete list.  We ask that you provide only 
your own personal information, not personal information 
concerning anyone else.  

Information Through Mobile Devices.  When you use an 
Application or Third Party Mobile Application on your 
mobile telephone or other mobile devices ("Mobile 
Device"), in addition to such information described above, 
you are authorizing us to collect, store and use/share the 
following information (as applicable): (i) Mobile Device type; 
(ii) mobile carrier; (iii) Internet Protocol address; (iv) 
geographic location/country; (v) platform version; (vi) 
navigation, interaction and engagement information 
regarding our users and; (vii) such other information you 
choose to provide to us. In addition, we receive and store 
information you provide when you sign up to have Short 
Message Service ("SMS") notifications set directly to your 
Mobile Device.  

Payment and Billing Information.  If you purchase any 
in-Service items, our third party partners will collect the 
payment and billing information necessary to complete the 
transaction.  Such information may include: (i) your first and 
last name; (ii) your valid e-mail address; (iii) credit card, 
PayPal and other third party payment processor 
information; (iv) billing address; and (v) such other 
information you choose to provide.  Our third party partner 
may also receive the foregoing information that you provide 
when you purchase Applications and Third Party Mobile 
Applications through your Mobile Device.  

Customer Service and Support.  When you send email or 
other communications to us in connection with customer 
service and support, we will collect and store your contact 
information, information about your use of the Service, your 
user ID and such other information you provide to us in 
order to process your inquiries, respond to your requests 
and improve our Service.  We will also store the 
correspondence and any information contained therein.

Profile Information.  We provide areas on our Service where 
you can post information about yourself and others and 
communicate with others or upload content such as 
photographs. Such postings are governed by the applicable 
Terms of Service. In addition, such postings may appear on 
other websites or services, or when searches are executed 
on the subject of your posting. Also, whenever you voluntarily 
disclose personal information on publicly-viewable areas, 
that information will be publicly available and can be 
collected and used by others. For example, if you post your 
email address, you may receive unsolicited messages. We 
cannot control who reads your posting or what other users 
may do with the information you voluntarily post, so we 
encourage you to exercise discretion and caution with 
respect to your personal information. 

Information Received from SNS and APIs

When you use an Application at an SNS, you allow us to 
access certain information from your profile through such 
SNS and the applicable SNS platform Application 
Programming Interface ("API").  The information we receive 
varies by the Application and by the privacy settings you 
choose for the SNS and may include any or all of the 
following information, as allowed by you, the SNS and your 
privacy preferences: (i) your first and last name; (ii) your 
profile picture or its URL; (iii) your user ID number; which is 
linked to publicly available information such as name and 
profile photo; (iv) the user ID numbers for your friends that 
are also connected to our Application(s); (v) login e-mail you 
provided to the SNS when you registered; (vi) your physical 
location and that of your access device(s) and (vii) your 
gender.

By using our Application(s) through an SNS, you are 
authorizing us to collect, store and use/share any and all 
information you agreed the SNS could disclose to us 
through the API in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  Your 
agreement is evidenced when you "accept" or "allow" (or 
comparable terms) one of our Applications on an SNS.

2. How We Collect Personal Information

Automated Information Collection Technologies

As described below, when you access our Services, we 
collect certain technical information and may associate such 
information with your user or account ID number for our 
internal use.

Cookies 

A "cookie" is a small text file that is sent to your browser 
from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard 
drive.  We may use cookies to track general, non-personal 
information about our users (e.g., user name, pages 
viewed, time spent on our Site(s), games, and the sites 
visited just before and just after our Site(s)) for statistical 
and market research purposes.    

We use cookies to gather information about our users’ 
browser activities in order to constantly improve our 
Service.  This information assists us to design and arrange 
our web pages in a most user-friendly manner and to 
continually improve our Service to better meet the needs of 
our customers, prospective customers, and visitors.

We may also local shared objects also known as "flash 
cookies", which help us to prevent fraud, remember your 
in-game settings and to track your progress on certain 
in-game tasks.

You have choices with respect to cookies.  By modifying 
your browser preferences, you have the option to reject all 
cookies, or limit the type of cookies you allow.  Flash 
cookies operate differently from browser cookies and 
cookie management tools available in a web browser will 
not remove flash cookies.  To learn more about and 
manage flash cookies you can visit www.adobe.com.  
Rejecting or limiting the type of cookies may, however, in 
limited instances prevent you from accessing certain 
features on our Service.

Log Files

Like most Internet services, we may also use log files on the 
server side.  The data held in log files includes your 
computer’s or Mobile Device’s IP (Internet Protocol) 
address, browser type, browser language, e-mail 
application, Internet service provider, referring/exit Web 
pages, computer platform type, date/time stamp, and user 
activity.  Company uses server log data to analyze trends, 
administer the services offered through our Service.  We 
and our third party partners may use this information for 
product and service improvements, and in marketing and 
advertising services.  

The software enabling our Services has associated log and 
temporary files that are stored on Company’s servers.  
These files store your account information, preference 
settings, system notifications as well as other data 
necessary to enable you to participate on our Service.  Your 
information may also exist within regularly performed server 
backups.

Tracking Technologies

Our Services may utilize a variety of methods for tracking 
purposes, including web beacons (also known as Internet 
tags, pixel tags and clear GIFs).  Web beacons are small 
pieces of data that are embedded in images on the pages 
of websites to analyze the traffic patterns, such as the 
frequency users visit various areas of our Services.  Pixel 
tags may allow us to advertise more efficiently by excluding 
our current users from certain promotional messages or 
identifying the source of a new installation.  These methods 
may involve transmitting information either directly to us or 
to another entity authorized by us to collect information on 
our behalf.  We also use these technical methods in HTML 
e-mails that we send our guests to determine whether our 
guests have opened those e-mails or clicked on links in 
those e-mails.  With web beacon technology, the 
information that we collect and share is anonymous and not 
personally identifiable. It does not contain your name, 
address, telephone number, or email address. 

Third Party Advertisers

Many advertisements are managed and placed on the 
service by third parties. These third party advertisers may 
use cookies, web beacons or similar automated information 
collection technologies on your computer or Mobile Devices 
to help present, better target, and measure the 
effectiveness of their advertisements, by collecting 
non-personally identifiable information when you click on or 
move your cursor over one of their advertisements.  We may 
share certain non-personally identifiable information about 
you as a user with certain third party advertisers to help 
them deliver more relevant advertisements through their ad 
networks.  In some cases, we may have access to 
information from cookies, web beacons and similar 
automated information collection technologies used by third 
party advertisers on our Services and this information may 
permit us to identify other sites or services that you have 
visited that are also associated with the third party 
advertiser.

The use of cookies, web beacons, or similar automated 
information collection technologies by third party advertisers 
is subject to their own privacy policies.  Finally, once you 
have clicked on an advertisement and have left the Service, 
our Privacy Policy no longer applies and you must read the 
privacy policy of the applicable third party advertiser to see 
how your personal information will be collected, stored and 
used as part of their service.

Click Through URLs

Some of our Services, including email messages, use 
"click-through URLs" linked to other content on our Services. 
We track this click-through data to help us determine 
interest in topics and use of the Services.

Monitoring/Public Information

You may also choose to disclose personal information in 
our Forums.  Personal information you disclose in such 
Forums is public information, and there is no expectation of 
privacy or confidentiality.  Please refer to the Terms of 
Service for additional information relating to the disclosure 
of personal information in such Forums.

Other Sources

We may collect or receive information from other sources 
including other users of the Service and third party 
information providers and partners.  For example, we 
receive and store the information you provide when you 
enter any promotion, sweepstakes or loyalty program.  Such 
information may be used to supplement your account 
information and/or profile and may be combined with other 
information we collect from you.

Use, Disclosure and Transfer

Unless otherwise described elsewhere in this Privacy 
Policy, we will not use or disclose any personal information 
collected from you.  Your personal information may be used 
alone or in the aggregate with information collected from 
other users.  

Use by Company
We use the information you provide so that we may better 
understand your needs and the needs of our customers, 
prospective customers, and visitors.  Specifically, we use 
your personal information for many purposes, including:

(a)  to allow you to register for and use our Services;
(b) to apply for employment opportunities at the Company;
(c) to audit and analyze data to improve and ensure the 
continued smooth operation of our Service;
(d)  for market research purposes, including, without 
limitation, to analyze user characteristics and usage 
patterns in order to better understand how our Services are 
used and market them more effectively;
(e)  to communicate with you concerning your account or to 
send you announcements, newsletters, promotional 
materials and other information about our Services  or 
offerings of our business partners, and to offer you 
opportunities to participate in surveys, contest and 
sweepstakes;*
(f)   to prevent or investigate actual or suspected fraud, 
hacking, infringement, or other misconduct involving our 
Service;
(g)   to respond to inquiries, troubleshoot problems, 
investigate incidents, and handle complaints; 
(h)  provide, maintain, protect and improve our Services, 
including keeping you posted on our latest Service 
announcements, software updates and upcoming events, 
and develop new services; 
(i) protect our rights or property or that of our users; 
(j) to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or 
enforceable government request;
(k) to send notices, such as communications about your 
purchases and changes to our Terms of Service, this 
Privacy Policy and other Service-specific policies, and to 
enforce applicable terms and conditions set forth in such 
policies; 
(l) to enable user-to-user communications; and
(m) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of 
the Company, its users or the public as required or 
permitted by law.

The Company processes personal information on our 
databases, equipment and servers (owned by the Company 
and/or third parties in the United States, Japan and in other 
countries.  In some cases, we may process personal 
information outside of your country.

*If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive 
such communications from us, please follow the 
unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the 
communications or follow the process described in the 
"Opt-Out Provision" section below

Disclosure and Transfer to Third Parties

We generally do not disclose or transfer any personal 
information about our customers, prospects, or visitors to 
any third parties.  We may however, disclose and transfer 
data which does not contain or reveal any personally 
identifiable information or is specifically attributable to you 
to our business partners, third party analytics service 
providers, ad networks and advertisers (collectively, 
"Partners").  Provided, however, some Partners may also 
act as third party service providers (described below) to us 
and may have access to your personally identifiable 
information.  Moreover, Partners may obtain public 
information about you from your profile or other public 
sources.

We may also periodically engage in co-marketing activities, 
where we work with a complementary solution provider to 
launch a joint marketing program.  In these situations, we 
will only send information to you on behalf of the other; we 
do not provide your personally identifiable information to 
such partner.  We may also enter into business partnerships 
with other parties to provide specific services.  If a user 
signs up for these services or responds to a particular 
marketing offer, we may share personally identifiable 
information such as your name or other contact information 
that is necessary for our business partner to provide these 
services or get in contact with you.  

We may provide your personally identifiable information to 
our "Affiliates" (which shall mean subsidiaries, parent 
companies, joint ventures and other corporate entities under 
common ownership located in the United States, Japan or 
anywhere else in the world) for the purpose of transferring 
and processing such information based on our instructions 
and such purposes as described in this Privacy Policy and 
in compliance with this Privacy Policy and other appropriate 
confidentiality and security measures.

Disclosure of your personally identifiable information may 
occur when we engage or employ service providers, 
vendors or other third parties to facilitate the provision of our 
Services (including, without limitation, payment processing, 
data analysis, e-mail delivery, hosting services, customer 
service and promotional services) to provide the Services 
on our behalf, or to assist us in analyzing how our Services 
are being used.  Such third party service providers may 
have access to your personally identifiable information only 
to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not 
to disclose or use it for any other purpose.

In the event Company combines with another company in 
the future through a corporate merger, sale, acquisition, 
liquidation or other similar process, your personally 
identifiable information may be transferred with the 
business or a part of it, or may be sold as an asset of the 
business, to the successor organization in such transaction. 
If material changes to the Company’s privacy practices will 
occur as a result of such transaction, we will notify you and 
other users in the manner described in this Privacy Policy.

In addition, upon the expiration or a termination of any third 
party license arrangements involving one or more parts of 
the Service, your personal information (including name, 
email address and other personally identifiable information) 
may be transferred to the subject third party licensor in 
accordance with the terms of the applicable license 
agreement.  In advance of such transfer to a third party 
licensor, the Company will notify you and other users in 
writing in the manner described in this Privacy Policy.

Safety, Security and Legally Required Disclosures 

Your personally identifiable information, and 
communications you make within the Service, may be 
accessed and disclosed if we believe that our Service is 
being used in the commission of a crime, when we believe 
in good faith that there is an emergency that poses a threat 
to the safety of you or another person and when necessary 
either to protect our rights or property including to enforce 
our Terms of Service, or for us to render the service you 
have requested.

We may also disclose personally identifiable information 
when required by law, regulation, court order, or in response 
to a subpoena or litigation discovery request, or in the good 
faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform 
to the edicts of the law or comply with a legal process 
served on us.  In addition, we will make any legally required 
disclosures to government authorities and provide notice to 
you of any breach of security, confidentiality or unauthorized 
release of personal or private data in accordance with 
applicable laws, rules and regulations.  

Storage and Security

We employ reasonable measures (both online and offline) 
to protect the security of information we collect from you.  
Such information is housed in secure databases, 
equipment and servers located in the United States, Japan 
and/or in other countries.  The databases, equipment and 
servers we utilize may be owned by third party providers.  
To prevent unauthorized access, loss, or misuse, maintain 
data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of 
information, we have put in place physical, electronic, and 
managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the 
information we maintain.  We use industry-standard 
technology, such as firewalls, in an effort to protect the 
confidentiality of your personal information.  Moreover, in 
addition to password protection offered in connection with 
your Service account, we encrypt your transmission of 
sensitive information to us (e.g., account passwords and 
payment-related identifiable information) via SSL (secured 
socket layer) protocol in the interest of heightened privacy 
protection and information integrity.  

Although we take reasonable precautions against possible 
security breaches of our Service, databases, equipment or 
servers, and records, we cannot guarantee that 
unauthorized access, hacking, data loss, or other security 
breaches and factors beyond our control will never take 
place and result in disclosure of your personal information.  
Accordingly, we disclaim any guarantees, warranties or 
representations relating to maintenance or nondisclosure of 
any personal information collected from you.  We strongly 
urge you to take reasonable measures at all times (online 
and offline) to protect your personal information, including 
your password and other sensitive information.

In addition, while we strive to protect your personal 
information, you should know that information sent over the 
Internet, whether by e-mail or by using one of our on-line 
forms, is not necessarily secure against interception.  
Therefore, we cannot be responsible for such interception 
and cannot guarantee the security of such information.

We will investigate, attempt to resolve and take all 
reasonable steps necessary to ensure that your personal 
information and data is treated securely and in accordance 
with this Privacy Policy.    

Additional Privacy Policy Terms

Opt-Out Provision  

When we first collect information from you, we will offer you 
the opportunity to opt-out of having your personal 
information shared with parties outside of Company (unless 
otherwise described in this Privacy Policy).  In addition, if 
you do not want us to send you communications relating to 
our Services, including, without limitation, announcements, 
newsletters and promotional materials or offers to 
participate in surveys, contests or sweepstakes, you can 
opt-out at the time of registration or information collection.  
If, at a later date, you choose to have your name or any other 
personal information removed from our mailing list, you can 
do so by emailing support.warpportal.com.

Your California Privacy Rights

Pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code, 
customers, prospective customers, and visitors of our 
Service who are residents of the State of California have 
the right to request certain information regarding its 
disclosure of personal information to third parties during the 
preceding year for direct marketing purposes.  If you are a 
California resident and wish to request such information 
please send an email to support.warpportal.com with the 
email titled as "California Privacy Rights".

Review, Update, Correct, or Delete Personal Information

Generally, you may review, update, correct or delete your 
personal information collected by or through our Service by 
logging into your account.  You may also correct factual 
inaccuracies.  Certain types of personal information that is 
necessary to check eligibility, such as birth date or age, 
cannot be deleted, but may be modified with sufficient 
verification of the new information.  Note that we reserve the 
right to terminate or delete any registration or promotional 
entry if we believe the personal information submitted was 
knowingly false or fraudulent.

To delete your personal information, you may also email us 
at support.warpportal.com.  We will use commercially 
reasonable efforts to honor your request.  

To have access to your personal information, you must 
provide proof of identification such as full name, street 
address, city/state and zip code, user ID and password, 
and/or information about your recent activity on our Service. 
We reserve the right to deny access to any user if we 
believe there is a question about your identity.  And if the 
burden or expense of providing access to your personal 
information is disproportionate to the risks to your privacy, 
or if the legitimate rights of others would be violated, we 
may decide not to provide access to such information.  
Moreover, we may still retain an archived copy of your 
information in our files as required by law or for legitimate 
business purposes, including, resolving disputes, enforcing 
the Terms of Service, and for other technical and legal 
requirements and constraints related to our Service. 

To manage the information we receive about you from the 
SNS where you play our games, you will need to follow the 
instructions at that SNS for updating your information and 
changing your privacy settings.

Notification of Changes
We reserve the right to update and change the terms of this 
Privacy Policy at any time.  If we decide to update and 
materially change the terms of our Privacy Policy, we will 
post those changes in our Services and/or on the applicable 
Sites, and in the updated Privacy Policy. You should 
periodically check this Privacy Policy for updates.  

By continuing to access or use the Services after we have 
posted an updated Privacy Policy or have provided you with 
notice of a modification, you are agreeing to be bound by 
the modified Privacy Policy.  If the modified Privacy Policy 
is not acceptable to you, your only recourse is to cease 
using the Services.

Links to Third Party Websites, Services and Offers.

Our Service may contain links to other websites, services 
and/or offers from third parties.  We are not responsible for, 
nor will it be liable to you or any third party for, your 
interaction with such third parties or the information 
requests initiated by such third parties or the subsequent 
use, treatment or dissemination of the information you 
voluntarily chose to provide to them. You should review the 
applicable privacy policies and information practices of 
such third parties carefully before providing personal 
information to them.  Moreover, if you have any questions or 
concerns, you should contact the third party directly.

Protection of Children’s Privacy



Company is committed to providing special protection for 
the privacy of children who may use our Service.  The 
Service is not intended for nor directed to children under the 
age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect, use or retain 
personally identifiable information from such children.  If we 
discover that we have inadvertently collected personal 
information from children, we will take all reasonable 
measures to delete any records of such personal 
information that come to our attention. 
Special Note to Parents
If you become aware that your child has provided us with 
personal information at our Service, we invite you to notify 
us so that we may delete the information from our records 
and discontinue any related features or services (see 
Opt-Out Provision above).  We also urge parents to instruct 
their children never to give out their real names, addresses 
or phone numbers without parental permission when using 
the Internet.  We appreciate your cooperation in assisting us 
to provide a safe and enjoyable online experience for your 
children.
Users Outside United States

The Company is a Japanese company and Company’s 
U.S. business operations are primarily conducted in the 
State of California, U.S.A.  We operate our company and 
administer this Privacy Policy under applicable U.S. and 
California laws and regulations.  If you use our Service from 
outside United States, you are thereby consenting for your 
personal information to be transferred to, stored in and be 
processed in the United States, Japan and/or in other 
countries by the Company and/or its Affiliates in the manner 
described in this Privacy Policy.  Your consent to this 
Privacy Policy followed by your submission of your personal 
information represents your agreement to such transfer, 
storage and processing of information.  Furthermore, you 
acknowledge that the privacy laws of the United States and 
the State of California may differ from the laws in the country 
where you are located and may not provide you the same 
rights or protections as those laws.

As described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, when you 
submit personal information via our Service, the information 
is housed in secure databases, equipment and servers 
located in the United States, Japan and/or in other 
countries.  The databases, equipment and servers we utilize 
may be owned by third party providers.  

Users in certain jurisdictions may have a right to access 
his/her personal information held by the Company and/or its 
Affiliates.  Your right of access to such personal information 
can be exercised in accordance with applicable laws, rules 
and regulations.  Please submit any requests for such 
access to support.warpportal.com.  

Language

The controlling language of this Privacy Policy is English.  If 
you have received a translation into any other language, it 
has been provided for your convenience only.  The English 
version of this Privacy Policy shall govern to the extent of 
any inconsistency between the English version and any 
translated version.

Contact Us

If you have any questions, inquiries, requests, complaints, or 
comments regarding this Privacy Policy, or have other 
questions or suggestions about our information practices, 
please contact us via e-mail at support.warpportal.com.

Copyright (C) 2012 Gravity Interactive, Inc.  All rights 
reserved.
































